# Gravity Racer

This is Gravity Racer, my - unfortunately incomplete - entry for
[BBGChallenge4](https://github.com/hughfdjackson/bbgchallenge4). I've included
a link to the playable game (although there's not much play or game there)  at
the end of this document. I recommend you finish reading this file first.

## About

Ever since first playing [Osmos](http://www.hemispheregames.com/osmos/), I've
been obsessed with orbital mechanics. When it was announced that the genre for
BBGChallenge4 is racing, I almost immediately came up with the idea for a game
that would let the player control a space ship within a solar system,
challenging him/her to reach another location within that system as fast as
possible while being restrained by limited fuel.

For educational reasons, I made the following two decisions before starting to
work on the game:

* I would write this game in [CoffeeScript](http://coffeescript.org/). I've been
meaning to learn this language for a while but never quite got around to
actually do it.
* I would not use a framework or library, instead building all infrastructure on
my own.

I was aware that this would cost me a lot of time that could be better spent on
gameplay, but decided to do it anyway. I'm happy with this decisions and learned
a lot during the project, but in the end it cost me too much time and I managed
to finish only an incomplete and inaccurate simulation of our solar system.

I'm still uploading it because I think it might be of interest to some of you,
but honestly, I think I had more fun creating this than anyone will ever have
playing around with it.

## Controls

In the beginning the camera is focused on the sun. Use the left and right arrow
keys to focus on other celestial bodies.

You can zoom using the up and down array keys. Check out that third planet from
the sun: It has a small moon orbiting it!

## Feedback

If you have comments, questions, critisism or any other kind of feedback, please
post it on my blog at [LINK MISSING]()

Alternatively, you can send an email to
[mail@hannobraun.com](mailto:mail@hannobraun.com)

## Where to play

[LINK MISSING]()
